THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23 1905
CAPTIVE OFFICERS
RELEASED.
CHRRIF OF WAZAN'S
GOOD OFFICES
PATHFINDER AT TANGIER.

Tangier, October 21.
H M.S: Pathfinder has sailed for tho Angbara
coast with tho brother of Valiente. It is hoped
that tho captive officers will be speedily re-
leased.	( Reuter)

Tangier, October 22.
The negotiations for the release of the
British officers are broken off owing to fresh
demands of Valiente. H.M.S. Pathfinder has returned here from Valiente's
brother.
(Later). H.M.S. Pathfinder has left for
Tetean, taking the Cherif of Wazan, who is
exerting his influence to to make Valiente ex-
change prisoners.
(Later). H.M.S. Pathfinder has returned
with the British officers, who were released
through the good offices of the Cherif of Wazan.
(Reuter)

Tangier, October 22.
The Pathfinder has arrived, bringing back
the two officers who wore captured. (Havas)


UNREST IN RUSSIA. 
SRIKES AND DISTURBANCES.

Moscow, October 21.
The railway striked is paralysing traffic. The
telegraph employes have joined the movement.
Yesterday not a single train arrived here. (R.)

St. Petersburg, October 21.
A strong agitation prevails among the students
at the academies and religious semi-
naries of the principal cities.
Serious disturbances have taken place at
Minsk, where the Cossacks invaded tho syna-
gogues and tho Jewish school. 120 people
were injured, a hundred of them seriously. (Havas)


St. Petersburg, October 22.
Railway strikes are spreading throughout
Russia. Moscow is practically cut off from the
rest of the country. It is stated that the
strikes are the result of political mancenvres
aiming at the eventual starving of this city
and Moscow.	{Reuter)

Moscow, October 22.
The situation is critical owing to the
state of excessive excitement of the workmen.
(Havas)

ADMIRAL TOGO
PUBLIC ENTRY INTO TOKIO.
Tokio. October 22.
Admiral Togo made his public entry to-day
to report to tho Emperor the return of the
fleet from the war. He was met by the Minis-
ters, Generals. Admirals, and Diplomatists,
and accompanied by Admirals Dewa, Kataoka,
Kamimura, and their staffs. He drove through
cheering crowds to the palace, where the
Emperor received his report and then warmly
praised the services of the Admiral, officers
and men.	(Reuter)


FRANCE, GERMANY, AND ENGLAND 
NOTABLE ARTICLE IN “TEMPS”

Paris, October 21.
The "Temps.” in a noteworthy article, says
that in the event of a war between Great
Britain and Germany the policy of France
will be an armed neutrality so formidable
that it will prevent any one from thinking
of implicating her in a quarrel in which she
is not not concerned.	(Reuter)

THE ROYAL TOUR.
RENOWN EN ROUTE TO PORT SAID.
Genoa, October 21.
H.M.S. "Renown," with the Prince and
Princess of Wales on board, has left for
Port Said. (Reuter)

M. LOUBET'S VISIT TO SPAIN.
Paris, October 22.
President Loubet and M. Rouvier have
started for Madrid.	(Reuter)

Paris, October 22.
M. Loubet and M. Rouvier have left for
Spain and Portugal.	(Havas)


PARIS MUNICIPALITY.
END OF LONDON VISIT.

London, October 21.
After a week's most cordial festivities, the
members of the Paris Municipality have start-
ed for home.	(Reuter)

SAD DEATH OF BRITISH NAVAL
COMMANDER. 
London, October 21.
A piece of machinery fell on Commander
Phillips, of H.M.S. Victorious, who was direct-
ing the salvage of the Assistance killing him
on the spot.	(Reuter)

MIKADO HONORS BRITISH
OFFICERS.
Tokio. October 21.
The Mikado has conferred on Admiral Noel
the first Class of the Rising Sun. Other officers
were also decorated.	(Reuter)


LOCAL AND GENERAL.
A Foundling.—A new-born child was found
abandoned yesterday in Sisters-street and
taken to hospital.

Suez Canal.— 222 vessels passed through
the Canal from the 6th to the 20th inst., the
dues from which amounted to frs. 6,109,689.11.

Stray Doos. — Stray and ownerless dogs
found in the Sayeda Zenab quarter of Cairo
during tho night of Tuesday, will be poisoned
by tho police.

Fire broke out yesterday afternoon in tho
house of Mr. Antoine Auagasto, at Ramleh. It
was extinguished by means of a fire pump, the
damage being estimated at £150.

Sanitary Department. —On the advice of
the Director-General of the Sanitary Depart-
ment, the Ministry of the Interior has autho-
rised M. Jean Cacaris, chemist, to practise in
Egypt.	

KASR EL AINI HOSPITAL—Dr. A. H. Bre-
hant has been appointed resident medical
officer at the Kasr el Aini Hospital at a salary
of L.B. 20.833 m. per month, dating from the
17th inst

Royal Berks. -A detachment of the 2nd
Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, in 
charge of two officers, will leave Sidi Gaber
station for Cairo, en route to Khartoum, by the
3.49 p.m train on Wednesday next.

The Ramadan New Moon. —Several ob-
servers from the Cairo government will observe
the rising of the new moon on Saturday next,
so as to be able to officially confirm the com- 
mencement of Ramadan on the following day.
 
BATHING IN THE NILE.—An British Army
Order, issued on Saturday states that "owing to 
the dangerous nature of the under currents in the 
Nile, all bathing in this river is prohibited,
except where locally published regulations 
permit it"

Egyptian Trust and Investment, Limited.
—We are informed that Mr. Pericles Glyme-
noponlos, of the advisory board of this com- 
pany in Egypt, has arrived in Paris, and was 
expected in London on or about the 20th inst.,
to Confer with the directors on the company's
business. 

Freemasonry.—It will be a source of grati-
fication to the many friends in Egypt of the
late Mr. Frank Allchin to learn that at the
recent elections for the Royal Masonic Institute
for Girls in London, his daughter, Florice
Violet, was among tho 29 successful candi-
dates having secured a very large number of
votes. This is the second of Mr. Allchin's
daughters to be admitted to this excellent
institution, her sister having entered a couple
of years ago.

Nile Trips for Residents.— As is usual
at the commencement of the winter season, for
the first two or three sailings of their Nile
steamers to Assouan, Messrs. Thos. Cook & Son,
Limited, make a special reduction for residents
of this country. The rates they are putting
into operation for this season are £25, instead
of £50,for the tourist service by the sailings to
Assonan ex Cairo November 14, 29, and
December 5, and £15, instead of £22, for the
express service, by the s-i ings ex Cairo
November 3,10, 17, 24, and December 4 and
8 The journey to Assouan and back by tourist
steamer takes 20 days, and the fare (which
includes sight-seeing, etc ) is first-rate in every
respect; the express steamers occupy 19 days,
four days of which are spent at the hotel at
Assouan, and three days at Luxor. Doubtless,
with the exceptionally hot summer which re-
sidents have experienced this year, many
Government officials and others will be glad
to avail themselves of one of those sailings.

Calendar of Coming Events.
ALEXANDRIA.
October.

Mon. 23  Mex. Prinea's Restaurant des Bains
Roumanian orchestra, every after
noon. Sundays, morning.
,	O!d Bourse Palace Bar. Orchestra
nightly. 6 p.m.
Windsor Hotel. Orchestra. 6 to
11.30 p.m. every day.
Alhambra. Italian company in
Il Biglietto d’ Alloggio 9.15 p.m.
Crown Casino, Ibrahimieh. 9.30 p.m.

Tues. 24 Ras-el-Tin Palace. Khedive’s Fare-
well Reception. 9 a.m.
New Masonic Hall. Zetland Lodge
Emergency Meeting. 9 p.m.
Zizinia Theatre. Salvini in Monsieur
Crepin. 9 p.m.

Sat 28 Mustapha Rifle Range. B.R.C
(Alex.) Practice. 2.30 p.m.

CAIRO.
October.
Mon. 23 Esbekieh Theatre. French Operetta
Company. 9.15 p.m.
Theatre des Nouveautés. 9.30 p m.
Alcazar Parisien. 9.30 p.m.

Thurs. 26 Khedivial Opera House, Cairo
Musical and Dramatic Society’s
Concert in aid of Calabrian Victims
under Patronage of H.H. the
Khedive.
Fri. 27 Football. Boulac v. A.S.C. at
Boulac. Kick off at 3.30. All invited.


THE COMING SEASON-
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS

Prince Leopold of Battenburg is coming to
Egypt for the benefit of his health, and will
leave England in the S.S. Ormuz on November
18. 
Lord and Lady Curzon are likely to pay
Lord Cromer a short visit in Cairo on their
way to England next month.
The Dowager Countess of Donooughmore and
Lady Norah Hely-Hutchinson are to winter in
Egypt. They have arrived in London en route.

NO MORE PLAGUE.
Egypt it now free from bubonic plague, and
the weekly bulletin issued by the Sanitary
department states that no case was reported
during last week. Three cases, however, remain-
ed under treatment after the issue of the
previous bulletin, but of these two have
recovered, and one has ended fatally. All these
three cases occurred at Alexandria.
In view of the present freedom of the country
from plague no further official bulletins will
issued unless a new case should be notified.  

	THE KHEDIVE.
H.H. the Khedive will spend to-day at Mon-
tazah Palace and will come to Ras-el-Tin at an
early hour to-morrow morning for his farewell
reception before leaving for Cairo.

EGYPTIAN ARMY.
Leave of absence has been granted to El
 Bimbashi Wilson, 13th Sundanese, until Decem-
ber 31, and to El-Bimbashi Russel, Sudan
Government Railways, until December 7. El
Bimbashi Aircey, Inspector of the Babr el
ghazal province, will resume duty to-morrow.
We regret to learn that on account of ill-
health it has beep found necessary to grant El
Kaimakam Sorel-Cameron Bey, president of
the Bahr el Ghazal Recruiting Commission,
extension of Save until the 28th Janaury
next.	
Among those who have returned from
leave and have resumed their duties under the
Egyptian Army, we notice El Miralai Bond
Bey, D.S.O., Director of Steamers and Boats; El
Miralai Matthews Bey, Governor of the
Upper Nile province ; El Bimbashi Hodgson,
Inspector of tho Dongola province.


AMERICAN MISSION IN FAYOUM.

(From our Correspondent).
Medinet el-fayoum, Saturday
Mr. and Mrs. Reid and Mr. Boyd, of the American Mission, have returned from their holiday in the U.S.A. The work of the mission continues to have an excellent effect, and the mission schools are thronged with children from the district. I visited the Medinet el-Fayoum girls’ school the other day and was very kindly shown over the school by Miss Martin, the head-mistress, who has met with great success in teaching the girls, of every nationality, who attend the school.

EGYPTIAN LAND AND GENERAL
TRUST. 
To the Editor of The Egyptian Gazette.

Sir,— In the "Bourse Egyptienne” of the 19th
inst.,repeated in the "Phare d'Alexandrie" of
the 20th inst.,under the heading'Bulletin de la
Bourse," a movement is said to be advocated
by a Cairo firm of brokers and a certain
number of local shareholders of the above
company, with a view to suppress the London
board of administration, and to substitute an
Egyptian board of directors to take over the
entire management of the affairs of the com-
pany, on the supposed grounds of continued
friction between the present London and Cairo
boards. I beg to state that this agitation against
the Chairman and London board of directors
does not emanate from the local board, as
such, whose sole members are Mr. Lousdorfer,
Mr. Hooker (ex-managing director), and my-
self. My colleague, Mr. Lousdorfer, has been
absent in Europe since the early days of
September, and does not return to Egypt till
the 7th November, whilst I personally am a
strong supporter of the London board in all
their actions.—Yours faithfully,
H. Crookshank Pasha,
Director

Cairo, October 21.

COTTON STATISTICS ACT, 1868
Return of the Number of Bales of Cotton
Imported, Exported, forwarded from Ports
to Inland Towns,and returned to Ports, during
the 9 months ended Sept. 30, 1905 and 1904


SECK & CO’S PILSENER BEER
	BREMEN.
PHARE SO HONEST COMPETITION FOR QUALITY.
j B -Infirio* Brest* oew bt'.af sTirai tt Mu-
of (ertetn goed mtsIm.
t Beware o! svffi/ ibyoreJ wrapeiten rractoj
w* Wi *»n Ktocii Bruin n Bcni

NELSON SUNDAY.
SERVICE AT ST. MARK'S.

A special service was held at St. Mark's
Church, Alexandria, yesterday, and a trophy
and inscription, simple and in excellent taste,
designed by Rear-Admiral Sir Mattie Blom-
field, were erected for the occasion. It consisted
of the famous signal “England expects, eta,"
below which which came the great admiral's
dying words, "For God and my country,” and
the name Horatio Nelson in white letters on
red. In the porch was hung a notice on which
appeared Nelson's portrait and an exact
reproduction in tho international code colors
of his Trafalgar signal, with, an appeal from
tho committee of the Nelson Centenary
Memorial Fund appended. Special hymns were
sung for the occasion, and the Rev. R.
Wormell adapted appropriate words to Sir
Arthur Sullivan’s well-known Jubilee hymn,
“Oh, King of Kings, whose reign of old.’

DRUSES AND BEDOUINS.
A letter which has reached us from Syria
shows that the stories of a general conflict be-
tween Bedouins and Druses in the Hauran have
been much exaggorated. It appears that a Druse
caravan, while returning to the Hauran from
Damascus some six weeks ago, was attacked
by a gang of Bedouins, and lost two men and
most of its camels. On the news reaching
the Hauran 300 Druse cavaliers decided to
make reprisals. Riding some days over desolate
country in the east of the Hauran, they
surprised the offending tribe and took 700
camels. Two hundred of the raiders returned
with their spoil, the remainder, unsatisfied
with their booty, rode on and captured some
cattle, only to find themselves face to face with
an overwhelming force of Bedouins who had
gathered to repel the attack. Heavily out-
numbered, the hundred Druses had to retire
after two days’ fighting, losing twenty men
and as many horses.

Among the fallen notables were the sons
of Sheikh Selim el Atrash and of Sheikh Said
Nasr both only seventeen years of age. Five
Bedouin leaders were killed. The whole force
of tbe Hauran now prepared to attack the
Bedouins,when Nazn Pasha, Vali of Damasons,
intervened, end the Druses, whose feelings
toward this excellent governor are most
friendly, agreed to submit the dispute to
him for settlement.

OBITUARY.
WILLIAM SHORTLAND RICHARDS.
The sad news coma* from Constantinople of
the death of Mr. William Shortland Richards,
H.B.M.'s Consul at Damasous. Mr. Richards
was appointed student interpreter in 1877,
became vice-consul at Mosul in 18 -3 and at
Bourgas in 1885. Ha was then promoted to
be Consul for the E. Coast of the Red Sea
(August 16, 1892) and was attacked and
severely wounded by Bedouins in May, 1895,
receiving compensation from the Turkish Go-
vernment. In 1896 he was transferred to
Damascus. An excellent linguist, a firm and
energeetic consul, always willing to give in-
formation and advice, Mr. Richards won the
respect of all who knew him. The writer has a
very pleasant recollection of the helpful kind-
ness shown him by Mr. Richards, who was
then in very poor health, at Damascus this
year, while the firmness he showed when
called to Beyrout, in the absence on leave
of the Consul-General, during the last disturb
ances, will long be remembered by the peaceable
inhabitants—and by Rashid Bey.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
> Accompanied by the civil and military
members of his household, H.E. Ghazi Ahmed
Mukhtar Pasha, Imperial Ottoman High Com-
missioner, leaves Hadra on Tuesday next by
special train leaving at 9 20 a.m. and arriving
at Cairo station at 12.35 p.m.

A dinner party was given yesterday by Col.
Utsonomiya, of the Japanese General Staff,
before leaving for Tokio, on the terrace of the
Grand Continental Hotel, Cairo. Among the
Colonel’s guests were Major-General Sir F. R.
Wingate Pasha, Brig -General Bullock, General
Sir R. von Slatin Pasha, Lient-Col. Lord
E. Cecil, Col. Bernard Bey, Col Matchell,
Col. Hunter, Major Kenney-Herbert, Major L
Stack, Major Division, Mr. Bonham Carter.
Mr. Bonus, Capt. H. Lewin. Capt. R Oven,
and Capt. R. Collins.

Lewa Thurneyssen Pasha, A.D.C. to H.H.
the Khedive, and Tito Hekekian Pasha were
among the large number of well-known re-
sidents who returned from Europe to-day by
the Austrian packet, and whose names will be
found in another column.

Sir Horace Pinching, Diretor-General of the
Sanitary Department, has returned from leave.

Little Miss Victoria Wingate, daughter of
H.E. the Governor-General of the Sudan, was
among the passengers who arrived from Eng-
land by the new Moss liner to-day. 

We regret to announce the death of Mah-
moud Effendi Kamel, sanitary inspector of
the Tahta district, Ghirgeh province, which
took place on the 18th inst.

CONSTANTINOPLE NOTES

M. GRYPARIS' MARRIAGE.
(From our Correspondent.)
Constantinople, October 17.
M. Gryparis, Hellenic Minister at Constan- 
tinople, has left such a pleasant memory in
Egypt, that news of his forthcoming marriage 
with Mlle Ralli will be read with pleasure. 
The marriage takes place at Athens, and nu- 
merous well-known Greek residents of Constan- 
tinople and the Greek Consul-General for 
Adrianople have already left for the Hellenic 
Capital. The "best men" will be M. Rhallys,
president of the Council of Ministers, and M. 
Pesmazoglu, director-general of the Bank of 
Athens. Great preparations are being made at
the Greek Legation here for the arrival of M.
and Mme Gryparis, who only intend to make a
short stay in Paris before returning to Constan- 
tinople. Some great receptions are expected at 
the legation this winter.	

THE NEW EMIR OF	 MECCA.	

Sherif Aly Pasha has just been appointed
Emir of Mecca. The new Emir is nephew of the
late Aun-el-Rafik, his predecessor in the post.
Sherif Aly has sent a message of loyalty and 
thanks to the Sultan. Meantime the sacred 
caravan has left for Mecca and Medina with
the usual accompaniment of festivities and
religious ceremonies. Husni Bey is in charge 
of the caravan and escort.	

MARRIAGE.
KUDSI-JUREIDINI

The marriage of Elias Eff. Kudos, Alexan-
dria correspondent of our contemporary “Al
Mokattam,” with Miss Anissah Jureidini took
place yesterday afternoon at the Orthodox 
church of Saidat El Nijah. After the ceremony '
the bride and bridegroom received the con-
gratulations of their friends at their new house
at Bulkeley, Ramleh. It was a very pleasant
evening to Mr. Kudsi’s numerous friends. The 
wedding presents, which were tasteful and
numerous, were shown in a special room. An
excellent supper crowned the evening. Among
those present were the three well-known poets,
Ahmed Effendi Nessim, Sheikh Shaheem El-
kheze*, and Abbas Eff. Musfi; the latter ex-
temporised some verses which were much
appreciated. Ahmed Effendi Nessim, who acc
ompanied Shahee Bey Macarius from Cairo
to attend the ceremony, then read a long and
pretty poem, which he had composed, and
drank to the health of the Rev. Archimandrite 
Ilia, who was present	

STEAMER MOVEMENTS. 
The new Moss liner Menepthah arrived this 
morning from Liverpool, via Gibraltar, Algiers, 
and Malta, with passengers, mails, and general 
cargo.
	
Tho M.M. steamer Senegal, from Marseilles, 
passed the Straits of Messina on Saturday and 
is due here to-morrow morning.	

CHRONIQUE THEATRALE
Salvini au Zizinia
Les representations de Kean et Morte Civile
ont attire une assistance choisie et plus nom-
breuse que d'ordinaire. Le chef d'oeuvre d’A.
Dumas a ete en particulier bien joue par cette
troupe composee d'elements d’elite qui forment
un ensemble remarquable.
G. Salvini dans les roles de Kean et de
Corrado s’est distingue surtout par I'originalite
de son interpretation. Quil nous soit permis
de dire a ce propos que Novelli et Salvini
different completement dans leur maniere d'in-
terpreter les grands auteurs comiques et tra-
giques et quo les defants de l’un mettent en
relief les qualites de l'autre.
Mme Ida Salvini a donne dans la Morte
Civile, la juste mesure de son talent G. M.
Diaz dans le role du Dr Palmieri et C. Aureli
dans celui de Monseigneur ont contribue
largement au succes de cette piece.

Parmi l'assistance on remarquait que'ques
americains de passage qui avaient tenus a
revoir Salvini dont le nom est, comme l’on
sait, fort populaire aux Etats-Unis depuis une
quarantaine d’annees.

Gardet A l’Alhambra
L'excellente troupe franqaise Louis Gardet
que nous avons eu ;’occasion d'applaudir
l’annee passee a l’Alhambra debutera a ce
theatre le 2 novembre prochain, a son retour
du Caire.
Poor sa representation de debut elle donnera
le "Fils Surnaturel," vaudeville en 3 actes de
MM. Grenet Dancourt et Maurice Vaucaire.
Mlle Symiane Val fera entendre que'ques
morceaux de son repertoire entre le deuxieme et
le troisième actes
Malgre son importance et l'excellance de
ses elements la direction maintiendra ses tarifs
prtecedents, o’est-a-dire P.T. 10 pour les fau- 
teuils numerotes, entres comprise, et P.T. 60
(entree P.T. 10) pour les loges
On peut se procurer des billets de location
des lundi chez M. Maroulis (ex-Zoller) Rue
Cherif Pacha.

CARLTON HOTEL,
BULKILY (near Alexandria.)
RAMLEH’S FASHIONABLE HOTEL.
patrolled by the elite.
Full Fension from P.T. 10 a day. Visitors from
Cairo alright at Eidi-Gabar station.

SPORT AND PLAY.
ALEXANDRIA ROWING CLUB.

On Saturday afternoon a very pleasant en
tertainment was given by the A. R. C. to
celebrate the inauguration of their new shed,
A fair number of visitors were present, in-
cluding H.H. Prince Az’z Hassan, Baron de 
Kugel (who presented the cup trophy to the 
victorious tug of war team). and Messre. Grsf-
ton, M. J. Chini, Guessarian, Martin, di Rosa,
Dr. and Mme Frey, Capt. Phillips. Mr. and
Mrs. Mprs, Mme and Mlle Verita, M. Tassard,
M. Salfarti, Mlle Meyer, Mlle Dalaquis,
and many others. The boat-house had been
very prettily decorated with hunting and the
aquatic sports were most keenly watched
by an appreciative audience.


After a 50 yards race, easily won by Mr.
Seeger, of the Deutacher Sports Verein, came
the greasy pole competition, in which most of
be competitors dived or fell ingloriously into 
the water after the first two steps. The scowling
ended in an easy victory for Mr. Mor, Dr.
Frey steering a bad course which obliged him
to stop short to avoid collision with a lighter.
The competition between "home-made" boats,
few of which supported their occupants for any
length of time, and the blindfold race were
most amusing, especially the latter, some of
the competitors in which, after reaching the
half-way point in a 'there and back’ race of
twenty yards, turned and made courageously
for Fort Agame. The mop tournament was
also most amusing, and the spectacle of one
combatant after another losing his balance and
going over the side was most comic. The
swimming under under water was the last item of an
ejoyable programme.
We may add that an excellent tea and
champagne in generous quantities were provid-
ed and appreciated.
Results:
50 yards swimming race—1st, Seeger
(D.S.V.); 2nd, Yersin (A.R.C).
Walking the greasy pole—Adda (French
Club)
Tug-of-war (reserved for members of A.R.C.).
-Guessarian, Beghian, Chini, Yersin, and
Lombardo.
Boat race (reserved to D.S.V.).—E. Mors.
Swimming under water.—E. Mors. (D.S.V.).
Blindfold race —Adda (French Club)
Mop tournament—Braun (Frenoh Club).
Homemade craft race—P.Qualle (D.S.V.).

FOOTBALL AT PORT SAID.
(Prom our Correspondent.)
Port Said, Saturday.
This afternoon Port Said opened their
football season with a practice match with their
natives. They were short of a few players, but
managed to raise a fall team. The following
represented Port Said: —goal, F. Buck; back,
Wallis (capt.) and Williams ; half-backs, King,
Jones, and Goodwin; forwards, Howe, Ghesman,
Ingram, Gunnery and Jary. In the first half
Port Said were decidedly the better eleven,
and it was marvellous on many occasions
how the native goal escaped downfall.
For full 20 minutes they kept their op-
ponents in their 25 line, and it was only the
very fine play of the backs and goalkeeper
which prevented them scoring. Towards the
end of the first half the natives got away with
a rush and after some splendid passing the
ball found the net, but whether it was a
native or King, (the Port said half-back) who
actually scored, it is hard to say, but it
certainly was no fault of the goalkeeper. The
second half was contested at as fast a pace as
before, and again Port Said attacked, but- the
shooting was very poor. Neither tide scored,
and when the whistle went for time, the
score remained as at half-time.
There wire several "new faces" in the Port
Said string who gave promise, but on the whole
play was not of a scientific order. Gunnery,
Ingram, Jary and Williams were prominent
for Port Said, while the right wing was the
backbone of the natives.

-A football match was played at Boulac on
Friday last, between the home team and the
R.A.M.C., in the presence of fully 150 specta-
tors. Boulac lost the toss and kicked off from
the Embabeh end. Before the game was a few
minutes' old, it soon became evident that
Boulac were the stronger team in every
respect, and they consequently won after an
easy’ but enjoyable game, by 10 goals to nil.
The goal scorers for Boulac were: Mr. C. J.
Esau, 5; Mr. J. Rodway, 2 ; Mr. L. II. Lion, 1;
Mr. W. M. Hates. 1.
After the match was over, tea was provided
for the players, and thus ended another of those
pleasant afternoons which are so frequent at
Boulac. 

PIGEON SHOOTING.
We learn that a new pigeon shooting club
has been formed, under the patronage of
H.H. Prime Omar Toussoun, which includes
many prominent members of Alexandria So-
ciety. It has been styled the "Ibrahimish
Pigeon Club" and has been formed on the
model of the pigeon cluba of Monte Carlo,
Ostend, etc. The club has been established
on a site adjoining the Alexandria Sporting
Club’s grounds, and the official opening will
take place on Saturday, 28th inst.

ARISEN AERATED WATERS
Guaranteed Distilled
Alexandria Cairo 
